2023 10 16 notes (#76)
BarbzCodez/Spendr: documentation/meeting-logs/2023-10-16.md

# Standup Meeting 4

2023-10-16
Sprint 2

Meeting duration: 1 hour

## Attendees

All group members

## Notes

- Ethan finished the express logging and prisma model for our database for all features. (https://github.com/BarbzCodez/Spendr/issues/14)

> - Barbara got the initial UI for viewing the expenses and user settings, and is now working on integrating user settings UI with the Express API. (https://github.com/BarbzCodez/Spendr/issues/26) (https://github.com/BarbzCodez/Spendr/pull/55)
> - Daniel finished express API for auth and expenses with full code coverage, fixed the docker issues, created CI workflow, and sequence diagrams. (https://github.com/BarbzCodez/Spendr/issues/12) (https://github.com/BarbzCodez/Spendr/issues/52) (https://github.com/BarbzCodez/Spendr/issues/12) (https://github.com/BarbzCodez/Spendr/issues/8)
> - Victoria finished registration, login, logout in the frontend with full integration, and is now working on the Expenses UI and integration (add, edit, delete, list). (https://github.com/BarbzCodez/Spendr/issues/21) (https://github.com/BarbzCodez/Spendr/pull/70) (https://github.com/BarbzCodez/Spendr/issues/26) (https://github.com/BarbzCodez/Spendr/issues/60) (https://github.com/BarbzCodez/Spendr/issues/61)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Barbara got the initial UI for viewing the expenses and user settings, and is now working on integrating user settings UI with the Express API. 
   - Change Username, Password and Delete account (https://github.com/BarbzCodez/Spendr/issues/23)
   - History List (Just UI): (https://github.com/BarbzCodez/Spendr/issues/27)
- Daniel finished express API for auth and expenses with full code coverage, fixed the docker issues, created CI workflow, and sequence diagrams. 
   - System Design: (https://github.com/BarbzCodez/Spendr/issues/8)
   - CI setup: (https://github.com/BarbzCodez/Spendr/issues/12)
   - Filtering: (https://github.com/BarbzCodez/Spendr/issues/25)
   - Expenses API: (https://github.com/BarbzCodez/Spendr/issues/52) 
- Victoria finished registration, login, logout in the frontend with full integration, and is now working on the Expenses UI and integration (add, edit, delete, list). 
   - Login: (https://github.com/BarbzCodez/Spendr/issues/21) 
   - Expense History List: (https://github.com/BarbzCodez/Spendr/issues/27)
   - Expense History: (https://github.com/BarbzCodez/Spendr/issues/28)
   - Add Expense: (https://github.com/BarbzCodez/Spendr/issues/26) 
   - Edit Expense: (https://github.com/BarbzCodez/Spendr/issues/60) 
   - Delete Expense: (https://github.com/BarbzCodez/Spendr/issues/61)
```

Just to show actual issues of what we discussed

# Standup Meeting 4

2023-10-16
Sprint 2

Meeting duration: 1 hour

## Attendees

All group members

## Notes

> - Victoria is working on expenses and taking it over from Barb
> - is working on integrating it into the app
> - Front end is done
> - delete needs to happen but shouldn't be too much work
>   - just needs to add a button and then hook it up
> 
> - Mark working on CD workflow
> - needed to get the secrets from github

Reviewer 2: Could we add the updates from the whole team?

We only have your update and Victorias, could we add updates from ethan, barbara and I?

```suggestion
- Ethan finished the express logging and prisma model for our database for all features.
- Barbara got the initial UI for viewing the expenses and user settings, and is now working on integrating user settings UI with the Express API.
- Daniel finished express API for auth and expenses with full code coverage, fixed the docker issues, created CI workflow, and sequence diagrams.
- Victoria finished registration, login, logout in the frontend with full integration, and is now working on the Expenses UI and integration (add, edit, delete, list).
- Mark is working on CD worfklow to automatically build and publish the Docker images to Docker Hub with GitHub Actions- needs to get the secrets from GitHub
```

- Need to add a feature, will likely need to add a user story to get full marks
- Don't need 5 users per feature, so we only have to make a subset of the user stories implemented

- Discussed the rubric

- Need to add the meeting notes to github wiki as well as have it in the repo

- "0.5 Meet at least two time and 0.25 for each. have a wiki page about meeting minutes and document the summary in corresponding github issues."
  - do we need to link issues to the meetings?
  - Reference github issues in the wiki

> - When should dan work on the expenses PR?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- When should dan review the expenses PR?
```

  - Had to wait to work on it because of overlapping work in the PRs

>   - Since Barbra and Victoria are working on separate things now they can work efficiently

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Since Barbara and Victoria are working on separate things now they can work efficiently
```
